hi hello youtube friends i am liu and
I bring to you
hello hello youtube friends i am view
and I bring you the new birds in the
good freedom I know that this video I should have
of having done long ago a lot
time because they are not so new but
Since I did not have anything to do, there was only
played but did not have it for the
computer and then there was no
I could show you those good the new ones
good birds are in the angry birds
seasons or I have not found it
the new patch that they took out and I have
the trial version so I can not
play all the levels good I'm
lower what we see that does
well um
shot as boomerang comes back is that
special shot your skill
Well, they saw it
and good now we go with the bird
well the least known I think is this
curious little bird that
apparently it would destroy nothing but
well , it's like a bullet with a wave
expansive enters all the wood and
when it is up to the heart
unfold and for me
epic shot not good
they saw everything that everything they take out in
this good part
much less than any bird
yellow or black
here
well that bird was supposed to go
It is supposed to be him
in the halloween but I played it more
from the next third level I found it
and I found it on Christmas
in the chinese good on the chinese river
where the fan is a fish or I think
what is a fish
a gold fish and a rash appears and
it destroys everything
good as we see and also this entry
punt
all good to all by air ie
as magic
or I love you, brother, good
file
ah
how can we see that bird does not do
a lot when you activate your power before
that came in as you saw it you saw it active
before, I'm going to activate it right now
be in january
they see shreds shred more
when
when his power is activated within the
woods
so
well there is a good video on youtube
where they say that this bird does not work
for nothing because they activate their power
its power
before they enter the
some good woods this is the one this is the
of halloween there I did not find this bird
in level 2 it comes in the yellow in the
1 the red
he is the three
the black birds
well I guess the orange bird
could cause more damage than the
black because what he does here is because
at least here in the cement because
suppose the bird would fall where
today I'm going to make you look black
it would be there it gets off and where it exploded
push if they had been both
columns does not exploit the pushes
so
then they fall to the ground and as everything falls
I would have created greater figuration everything not
I know I never tried
well this has been all
and I leave them
with me watching the festival that zero